I'm gonna write you Joe I want you right
back
I don't know if you ever knew it or you
just forgot
the world's a beautiful place
this time
[Music]
japanese is pretty much busted every
code we don't have them the course
developed the new code based on the
navajo language your to pair with a code
talker your job is to keep him alive so
you can do his job ben yahzee it takes
me two and a half minutes to do what
used to take an hour waters finally came
through we ship out tomorrow morning
see any combat and Ozzie looking forward
to getting into some
you done good tag down I had never
called her that before your mission is
to protect the code at all costs you
understand me yes sir I do
I think you could do it Joe let's do it
if you had to
if you got caught the co would be
useless you just do what you're supposed
to do
he's my responsibility the camera ticket
this is over you should come out to
Navajo country you can meet my son and
you can meet the guy you watched over
daddy
[Music]
you